com/fst/myapplication/databinding/AppBarMainBinding.java
 com.fst.myapplication.databinding.AppBarMainBinding
com/fst/myapplication/databinding/ContentMainBinding.java
 com.fst.myapplication.databinding.ContentMainBinding
com/fst/myapplication/ui/Configuration/ConfigurationFragment.java
 com.fst.myapplication.ui.Configuration.ConfigurationFragment
 com.fst.myapplication.ui.Configuration.ConfigurationFragment$1
 com.fst.myapplication.ui.Configuration.ConfigurationFragment$2
com/fst/myapplication/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 com.fst.myapplication.ui.home.HomeViewModel
com/fst/myapplication/ui/Connexion/ConnexionViewModel.java
 com.fst.myapplication.ui.Connexion.ConnexionViewModel
com/fst/myapplication/ui/Configuration/ConfigurationViewModel.java
 com.fst.myapplication.ui.Configuration.ConfigurationViewModel
com/fst/myapplication/databinding/FragmentFiletransferBinding.java
 com.fst.myapplication.databinding.FragmentFiletransferBinding
com/fst/myapplication/BuildConfig.java
 com.fst.myapplication.BuildConfig
com/fst/myapplication/ui/Connexion/ConnexionFragment.java
 com.fst.myapplication.ui.Connexion.ConnexionFragment
 com.fst.myapplication.ui.Connexion.ConnexionFragment$1
 com.fst.myapplication.ui.Connexion.ConnexionFragment$2
com/fst/myapplication/ui/Filetransfer/FiletransferViewModel.java
 com.fst.myapplication.ui.Filetransfer.FiletransferViewModel
com/fst/myapplication/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.fst.myapplication.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/fst/myapplication/databinding/FragmentConfigurationBinding.java
 com.fst.myapplication.databinding.FragmentConfigurationBinding
com/fst/myapplication/databinding/AdministartionFragmentBinding.java
 com.fst.myapplication.databinding.AdministartionFragmentBinding
com/fst/myapplication/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.fst.myapplication.ui.home.HomeFragment
 com.fst.myapplication.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
com/fst/myapplication/ui/Filetransfer/FiletransferFragment.java
 com.fst.myapplication.ui.Filetransfer.FiletransferFragment
 com.fst.myapplication.ui.Filetransfer.FiletransferFragment$1
 com.fst.myapplication.ui.Filetransfer.FiletransferFragment$2
com/fst/myapplication/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.fst.myapplication.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/fst/myapplication/db/User.java
 com.fst.myapplication.db.User
com/fst/myapplication/databinding/NavHeaderMainBinding.java
 com.fst.myapplication.databinding.NavHeaderMainBinding
com/fst/myapplication/MainActivity.java
 com.fst.myapplication.MainActivity
 com.fst.myapplication.MainActivity$1
com/fst/myapplication/db/DatabaseHelper.java
 com.fst.myapplication.db.DatabaseHelper
com/fst/myapplication/db/Connexion.java
 com.fst.myapplication.db.Connexion
com/fst/myapplication/databinding/FragmentAdministrationBinding.java
 com.fst.myapplication.databinding.FragmentAdministrationBinding
com/fst/myapplication/databinding/FragmentConnexionBinding.java
 com.fst.myapplication.databinding.FragmentConnexionBinding
